Add an include directive that allows one filetype to be included in another (#7739)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/restructuredtext/directives.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 2.1
      Added the ``force`` option.

.. rst:directive:: .. docinclude:: filename

>    Includes another document in this one. Unlike :directive:`include`, this

Author: ```suggestion
   Includes another document in this one. Unlike :rst:dir:`include`, this
```

   allows inclusion of documents that use different parsers to their parent
   document, such as including a markdown file in an rst file.

   .. rst:directive:option:: start-line
                             end-line
                             start-after

>                              end-after

Reviewer: Are these filtering options needed? In my experience of `literalinclude` directive, many filter options are requested. So I hesitate to add filtering options.

Author: Yes, see https://github.com/pygae/galgebra/pull/413 for a useful application. It allows me to split a `README.md` into pieces, and include each one in a different rst document.

These filters are part of the built-in `.. include`, so it seems reasonable to keep them anyway.
